### Hello There!
My name is Alexander, and I am a passionate software engineer specializing in graphics and rendering. One of my largest interests is in graphics and rendering programming, which has resulted in various projects over the years. I enjoy both shader programming and lower-level programming in graphics APIs such as DirectX 12 or Vulkan. I have also experimented a bit with Apple's Metal. 

Here are some projects:
* [Hobby Engine](https://github.com/Mumsfilibaba/DXR-Project/tree/development): This project is my Hobby Rendering Engine and is used as my playground for testing different rendering and other programming techniques and ideas. Here, I have used the graphics APIs DirectX 12 and Vulkan and built an abstraction layer so that I can easily switch between both. I have also experimented with task systems for easy multithreading and a simple module system for dividing
the engine easily into different modules. It started out as an experiment with the DXR API and has developed from there. 
* [CrazyCanvas](https://github.com/IbexOmega/CrazyCanvas): This project is a game built from the ground up during a course (PA2526) at Blekinge Institute of Technology. This is a team-project consisting of ten members. The game is a multiplayer first-person-shooter where enemy players are only visible in reflections. The game utilizes ray tracing (Vulkan Ray Tracing) for this. My responsibilities consisted mostly of rendering techniques, such as animations with blending between animations, rendering meshlets using mesh-shaders (Instead of normal vertex-shaders), and Temporal Anti-Aliasing.
* [Vulkan PathTracer](https://github.com/Mumsfilibaba/Vulkan-Project/tree/Path-Tracer): This project is a simple Vulkan-based path tracer written in C++ and GLSL. It features both software and hardware-accelerated ray tracing. The project started out with a focus on Bounding Volume Hierarchy (BVH) and how to build and use them to speed up ray tracing. The build process uses surface area heuristics (SAH) to determine the most efficient BVH for the scene.
